the site of pokémon battling against a
beautiful sunset it's only moving the
blue corner suddenly calls police
before you get sent out and now we'll
begin
the first attack an explosion of skill
balloons the situation is a bit of a
stalemate it's a mental a ton of war as
they anticipate each other's move
wait tears open the ground
it's down
you send out the red corner has the lead
when comparing the number of remaining
Pokemon but we still can't predict the
outcome of the battle
taken down by an intense slow
plays again is sent out the battle has
reached its final stage and attention is
speaking
Swampert just got burned
a fierce blue the blue corner barely
moved on Swampert
suffers women's burn Blaziken guess Fred
Lee hold on
nicely done the red corner faces a great
deal of pressure
it couldn't change it kids the game is
now over it's a total victory for the
red corner